from quantum physics to  expand into general pop culture. It says that you can never simultaneously know the exact position and the exact speed of an object and shows up as a metaphor in everything from literary criticism to sports commentary. Uncertainty is often explained as a result of measurement, that the act of measuring an object's position changes its speed, or vice versa. The real origin is much deeper and more amazing. The Uncertainty Principle exists because everything in the universe behaves like both a particle and a wave at the same time. like ripples covering  the surface of a pond. We can clearly identify features of the wave pattern as a whole, most importantly, its wavelength, which is the distance between two  neighboring peaks, or two neighboring valleys. which again means a very short wavelength. its wavelength is a billionth of a  trillionth of a trillionth of a meter, far too tiny to ever detect. Small things,  like atoms or electrons though, can have wavelengths big enough to measure in physics experiments. So, if we have a pure wave,  we can measure its wavelength, and thus its momentum, but it has no position. We can know a particles position very well, but it doesn't have a wavelength, so we don't know its momentum. To get a particle with both position and momentum, we need to mix the two pictures to make a graph that has waves, but only in a small area. How can we do this? By combining waves  with different wavelengths, which means giving our quantum object some possibility of having different momenta. When we add two waves,  we find that there are places where the peaks line up, making a bigger wave, and other places where the peaks of one fill in the valleys of the other. The result has regions where we see waves separated by regions of nothing at all. If we add a third wave, the regions where the waves cancel out get bigger, a fourth and they get bigger still, with the wavier regions becoming narrower. If we keep adding waves, we can make a wave packet with a clear wavelength in one small region. That's a quantum object with both wave and particle nature, but to accomplish this, we had to lose certainty about both position and momentum. The positions isn't restricted  to a single point. There's a good probability of finding it within some range of the center of the wave packet, and we made the wave packet by adding lots of waves, which means there's  some probability of finding it with the momentum corresponding to any one of those. Both position and momentum are now uncertain, and the uncertainties are connected. which means a bigger momentum uncertainty. If you want to know the momentum better, you need a bigger wave packet, which means a bigger position uncertainty. That's the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, first stated by German physicist Werner Heisenberg back in 1927. This uncertainty isn't a matter of measuring well or badly, but an inevitable result of combining particle and wave nature. The Uncertainty Principle isn't just  a practical limit on measurment. It's a limit on what properties  an object can have,